Support and About command implementation (#909)
cloudposse/atmos: cmd/markdown/about.md

# About Atmos

> Cloud Posse Atmos is an open-source framework for managing Infrastructure as Code (IaC) at scale. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Atmos is an open-source framework for managing the configuration of Infrastructure as Code (IaC) at scale using Stacks.
```

# About Atmos

Cloud Posse Atmos is an open-source framework for managing Infrastructure as Code (IaC) at scale. 

> It simplifies the deployment of infrastructure by providing a consistent, YAML-driven configuration
> system using tools like Terraform and Helmfile. Atmos helps teams adopt best practices, enforce standards, 
> and automate complex workflows across environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It simplifies the deployment of infrastructure by providing a consistent, YAML-driven configuration system using tools like Terraform and Helmfile. Atmos helps teams adopt best practices, enforce standards, and automate complex workflows across environments.
```

## Key Features

- **Reusable Components**: Modular building blocks for defining infrastructure.
- **Stacks**: Environment-specific configurations for managing multiple AWS accounts.
- **YAML-Based**: Declarative configurations for easy maintenance.
- **Terraform & Helmfile**: Unified commands for seamless integration.
- **Automation-Ready**: Perfect for CI/CD pipelines and DevOps workflows.
- **Scalable**: Designed for multi-account, multi-environment AWS setups.

## Why Atmos?
Atmos reduces complexity, promotes consistency, and accelerates delivery, making it an ideal choice
for organizations managing large-scale AWS infrastructure.

> Learn more at https://atmos.tools 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more [here](https://atmos.tools)
```
